README.md, before:

# Sunny Snippets

Sunny Snippets is a positive news web application built with Next.js and Tailwind CSS. It displays uplifting news articles and provides sentiment analysis to filter out articles with negative sentiment scores.

Deployed on Vercel: https://sunny-snippets.vercel.app/

## Screenshots

<img src="./images/screenshots/home_page.jpeg">
<img src="./images/screenshots/saved_articles_page.jpeg">
<img src="./images/screenshots/account_page.jpeg">

## Features

- Display positive news articles in a card format.
- Navbar with logo and login section.
- Hero section with a warm welcome to the app.
- Integration with the NewsAPI to fetch real-time news data.
- Sentiment analysis to filter articles based on positivity.
- Retrieve and delete saved articles with Firestore as the backend

## Technologies Used

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Technology | Purpose |
|------------|---------|
| <img src="./images/nextjs-logo.png" alt="Next.js Logo" height="20" width="20"/> [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) | React framework for building web applications |
| <img src="./images/react-logo.png" alt="React Logo" height="20" width="20"/> [React](https://reactjs.org/) | JavaScript library for building user interfaces |
| <img src="./images/tailwindcss-logo.png" alt="Tailwind CSS Logo" height="20" width="20"/> [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) | Utility-first CSS framework for styling |
| <img src="./images/nextUI-logo.png" alt="NextUI Logo" height="20" width="20"/> [NextUI](https://nextui.org/) | UI library for Tailwind CSS with theming support |
| <img src="./images/newsapi-logo.png" alt="JS Logo" height="20" width="20"/> [NewsAPI](https://newsapi.org/) | API for fetching news articles |
| <img src="./images/npm-logo.png" alt="Sentiment Logo" height="20" width="20"/> [sentiment](https://www.npmjs.com/package/sentiment) | AFINN sentiment analysis library |
| <img src="./images/js-logo.png" alt="JS Logo" height="20" width="20"/> [Fetch API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API) | Web API for making HTTP requests |
| <img src="./images/clerk-logo.png" alt="JS Logo" height="20" width="20"/> [Clerk](https://clerk.com) | Multi-Factor Authentication service |
| <img src="./images/firebase-logo.png" alt="JS Logo" height="20" width="20"/> [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/) | NoSQL database for a serverless backend |

## Contributing

If you have any suggestions, enhancements, or bug fixes, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

switched from NewsAPI to Guardian

README.md, after:

# Sunny Snippets

Sunny Snippets is a positive news web application built with Next.js and Tailwind CSS. It displays uplifting news articles and provides sentiment analysis to filter out articles with negative sentiment scores.

Deployed on Vercel: https://sunny-snippets.vercel.app/

## Screenshots

<img src="./images/screenshots/home_page.jpeg">
<img src="./images/screenshots/saved_articles_page.jpeg">
<img src="./images/screenshots/account_page.jpeg">

## Features

- Display positive news articles in a card format.
- Navbar with logo and login section.
- Hero section with a warm welcome to the app.
- Integration with the NewsAPI to fetch real-time news data.
- Sentiment analysis to filter articles based on positivity.
- Retrieve and delete saved articles with Firestore as the backend

## Technologies Used

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Technology | Purpose |
|------------|---------|
| <img src="./images/nextjs-logo.png" alt="Next.js Logo" height="20" width="20"/> [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) | React framework for building web applications |
| <img src="./images/react-logo.png" alt="React Logo" height="20" width="20"/> [React](https://reactjs.org/) | JavaScript library for building user interfaces |
| <img src="./images/tailwindcss-logo.png" alt="Tailwind CSS Logo" height="20" width="20"/> [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) | Utility-first CSS framework for styling |
| <img src="./images/nextUI-logo.png" alt="NextUI Logo" height="20" width="20"/> [NextUI](https://nextui.org/) | UI library for Tailwind CSS with theming support |
| <img src="./images/guardian-logo.png" alt="JS Logo" height="20" width="20"/> [The Guardian News API](https://open-platform.theguardian.com/) | Open source news API by The Guardian |
| <img src="./images/npm-logo.png" alt="Sentiment Logo" height="20" width="20"/> [sentiment](https://www.npmjs.com/package/sentiment) | AFINN sentiment analysis library |
| <img src="./images/js-logo.png" alt="JS Logo" height="20" width="20"/> [Fetch API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API) | Web API for making HTTP requests |
| <img src="./images/clerk-logo.png" alt="JS Logo" height="20" width="20"/> [Clerk](https://clerk.com) | Multi-Factor Authentication service |
| <img src="./images/firebase-logo.png" alt="JS Logo" height="20" width="20"/> [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/) | NoSQL database for a serverless backend |

## Contributing

If you have any suggestions, enhancements, or bug fixes, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
